SOAR_3246_Document_Maximum_Size (#777)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: rapid7_attackerkb/help.md

# Description

> [Rapid7's AttackerKB](http://attackerkb.com/) is a knowledge base of vulnerabilities and informed opinions on what makes them valuable (or not) targets for exploitation. The maximum size value is 500. 

Reviewer: Should be documented in the size input's description

# Version History

> * 1.0.3 - Add maximum size into help.md

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* 1.0.3 - Update to add the maximum size into help documentation
```

The style guide is very prescriptive about log lines.
